⚠️ This release contains several database migrations which will run the first time you start up this new version.  
**Be sure not to interrupt this migration process. This will take anywhere between a few seconds and an hour or even longer (on slower hardware / big databases). Please be patient!** ⚠️

## Release highlights

- **Status edit support**: one of our most-requested features! You can now edit your own statuses, and see instance edit history from other accounts too (if your instance has them stored).
- **Push notifications**: probably the second most-requested feature! GoToSocial can now send push notifications to clients via their configured push providers. You may need to uninstall / reinstall client applications, or log out and back in again, for this feature to work. (And if you're using Tusky, [make sure you've got ntfy installed](https://tusky.app/faq/#why-are-notifications-less-frequent-with-tusky)).
- **Global instance css customization**: admins can now apply custom CSS across their entire instance via the settings panel.
- **Domain permission subscriptions**: it's now possible to configure your instance to subscribe to CSV, JSON, or plaintext lists of domain permissions. Each night, your instance will fetch and automatically create domain permissions (or permission drafts) based on what it finds in a subscribed list. See the [domain permission subscription documentation](https://docs.gotosocial.org/en/latest/admin/domain_permission_subscriptions/) for more information.
- **Trusted-proxies helper**: instances with improperly configured trusted-proxies settings will now show a warning on the homepage, so admins can make sure their instance is configured correctly.
- **Better outbox sorting**: messages from GoToSocial are now delivered more quickly to people you mention, so conversations across instances should feel snappier.
- **Log in button**: there's now a login button in the top right of the instance homepage, which leads to a helpful page about clients, with a link to the settings panel. Should make things less confusing for new users!

[Read the complete release notes.](https://github.com/superseriousbusiness/gotosocial/releases/tag/v0.18.0))
